---
title: "2018-08-08 08:08:08"
date: "2018-08-08T09:17:04+10:00"
abstract: "This post may be the luckiest on *Rubenerd*"
year: "2018"
category: Thoughts
tag:
- australia
- numerology
- pointless
- singapore
- written-in-sydney
---
This post may be the luckiest on *Rubenerd* thus far. Which renders my spilling of this takeaway coffee that much more amusing! Here are the most facts I could think of about eight within an 88 second window, with time after to clean up spelling and formatting:

* Why was seven afraid of eight? Because *eight nine ten*... damn it, I always mess this up.

* There are eight digits between zero and eight, inclusive. Think about it! Maybe not too much.

* Eight has five letters. Seems silly.

* I've seen more *lucky* numberplates in Sydney full of eights than Singapore. Likely due to it being easier to buy vanity ones here, but still culturally fascinating.

* Oxygen has the atomic number 8. This is delightful given its most abundent allotrope is dioxygen, so the numeral 8 looks like a chemical diagram for it, of sorts. I used to be able to recite the Periodic Table to Titanium; my dad could go much futher.

*  Remember those Web 1.0 alarmist memes that dihydrogen monoxide was toxic? You shouldn't have *eight* it.

* By the time this gets posted, it'll almost certainly be after the aformentioned time. Whoops. At least I started writing it at that second.

* Numerology is a fun, if otherwise pointless, distraction. As eight is also a number, this means it appears from time to time.

The most I did a decade ago for 2008-08-08 was [rant on about phone connections], two days late. Eight is divisible by eight to get four, which is decidedly *unlucky*. I feel Daft Punk wrote a song about this.

[rant on about phone connections]: https://rubenerd.com/p1227/
